Add Unify FAQ on Removing Traits from User Profiles (#7143)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/unify/faqs.md

### Can I delete specific events from a user profile in Unify? 
No. Alternatively, you may delete the entire user profile from Segment using a [GDPR deletion request](/docs/privacy/user-deletion-and-suppression/).

> ## Can I remove a trait from a User profile?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Can I remove a trait from a user profile?
```

> ## Can I remove a trait from a user profile?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I remove a trait from a user profile?
```

> To remove a trait from a user profile, you can send in an identify event with null as the value for the trait in the traits object from one of the connected sources. E.g. `"traits": {"trait1": null, ..}, ...`. Note that sending in an empty string (i.e. `"traits": {"trait2": "", ..}, ...` will update the trait to be an 'empty' string, and will not remove the trait from the user profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove a trait from a user profile, send an identify event with null as the value for the trait in the traits object from one of the connected sources. For example, `"traits": {"trait1": null, ..}, ...`. Note that sending in an empty string such as,`"traits": {"trait2": "", ..}, ...` updates the trait to be an 'empty' string and won't remove the trait from the user profile.
```
